Part Six: Menu Items
--------------------

So far, you've made the request for the list of categories from the server, and
the user can select a category from the list. With that data available in
MenuFragment, you can query for menu items listed in the category.

The menu item screen shares many attributes with the categories screen in the
previous section. They both use a RecyclerView, they both use a network request
to fetch the appropriate data, and selected views in both screens send the user
to a new screen. Because of those similarities, the code patterns in the
following section should feel pretty familiar to you.

Basic Setup
-----------

Create a new layout file for your menu ViewHolder. All you need to do is
display a single string and a price. So, add two TextViews to the layout. The
name of the menu item should be on the left hand side of the layout and the price
should be on the right hand side of the layout. You will also need to make other
changes to layout to ensure it looks correct when displayed to the user.

Next, create a ListAdapter to display the menu items.

Once the adapter has been created, in your menu fragment make sure you properly
attach the adapter to the RecyclerView in the fragments view.

When your fragment first loads, you will need to request the menu items from
the server. When you make this request, you will pass in the category you received
from the previous fragment. Once you have the list, submit it to the ListAdapter.
(Note: don't forget we used a callback to get the data from the server)

Build and run your app with the server running. You should see a list of the
categories that you defined back in menu.json. Open a category and see the menu
items you have defined for the server.

Pass Menu Item Data
-------------------

Similar to the last section, tapping one of the menu item views will open the
detail screen, but no data is being passed to that fragment. To pass the item to
a Detail fragment, create a factory method for the detail fragment.

This should look very similar to the one you created previously.
