Part One: Server Details and Project Setup

Before you begin thinking about the workflow of your menu app, it's important to
understand how to work with the server. By learning how the API and the server
work, you can begin to come up with a list of features for the project. You're
not required to make any modifications to the data that accompanies the server,
but you'll still need to run the server on your Mac.

Take some time now to set up the server and to wrap your head around the details.

Run the Server

You should download the appropriate zip file from the previous lesson, there is
one for Windows and one for Mac. Unzip the file and right-click OpenRestaurant,
and click Open from the drop down. Depending on your Mac's security configuration,
you may see a prompt letting you know that the app's developer identity cannot be
confirmed. Click Open.

To start and stop the server, click the button at the bottom right. If you make
changes to server resource files, you need to stop and restart the server.

You'll notice that the server app lets you view menu categories and items, edit
items, and open the images folder. Clicking Edit Items will open up menu.json.
This file contains the data that the server returns. If you want to change the
menu, you'll need to edit this file.

Clicking Open Images Folder will take you to a directory that contains images
for items on the menu. If you want to put your own food images in this directory,
make sure to use PNG images. Note that the image for a menu item is always named
for its ID.

To verify that the server is functioning properly, open your browser and load
the URL, http://localhost:8090. The browser should display onscreen text that
indicates the status of the server. If you receive an error, the most common
cause is that you've incorrectly edited menu.json and the menu list wasn't
created properly. You'll need to verify that the JSON data is valid, close the
application window, and restart the server. You can use the Reset Data button to
discard your custom data and restore the original files.

Depending on the configuration of your Mac, you may see a prompt asking for
permission to allow incoming connections to the server. Click Allow.

JSON Structure

Open menu.json to view the data that will be returned from the API. At the root
level of the JSON is an array of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents
an item on the menu. In each dictionary, you'll see the following keys:

 * id is a unique Int that distinguishes one item from another. If you add or
   modify a dictionary, make sure each id value is unique.
 * name is a String that refers to each item on the menu. The server doesn't
   require names to be unique, but it wouldn't make sense to repeat the same
   item on the menu, so keep the names unique.
 * description is a String that provides further detail about the choice.
 * price is a Double that expresses the price of a menu item. In the sample data,
   the values are the equivalent of USD ($). However, the price values aren't
   tied to a particular currency, so you can adjust them to fit any currency you like.
 * category is a String that provides a way to divide items, just like in a real
   menu. In the sample data, the categories are "appetizers," "entrees," "specials,"
   "drinks," and "desserts." If you want to create a new entree, for example,
   assign the category key to "entrees." If you want to create a new category,
   such as "sides," assign at least one menu item's category key to "sides."
 * imageName should match the name of the image stored in the Images directory,
   including the file extension. Don't worry about specifying any sort of folder
   structure; just provide the name. If you don't provide an image, use double
   quotes ("") as the value.

The server is configured to use these keys (and only these keys) when you query
the API. If you add keys into a dictionary, the server will ignore them.

Server Endpoints

The API in this project has several URLs for implementing your app's features.
Every URL begins with http://localhost:8090 and can be combined with the following
endpoints:

 * /categories: A GET request to this endpoint will return an array of strings
   of the categories in menu.json. The array will be available under the key,
   "categories," in the JSON.
 * /menu: A GET request to this endpoint will return the full array of menu items,
   but it can also be combined with the query parameter, category, to return a
   subset of items. The array will be available under the key, "items," with the JSON.
 * /images: Combined with the name of the image, a GET request to this endpoint
   will return the image data associated with each menu item.
 * /order: A POST to this endpoint with the collection of menu item id values
   will submit the order and will return a response with the estimated time
   before the order will be ready. The IDs you send need to be be contained with
   JSON data under the key, menuIds. When you parse the JSON, an estimate of the
   time before the order is ready will be under the key, "preparation_time.”
